 This machine is sure to disappoint a seasoned European-style coffee drinker (coffee as in beverage made from coffee bean, not a tall cup of Sanka as the term is used in the US). Admittedly, I'm really picky about my coffee, but $250 for this machine is ridiculous. I've had coffee from a $40 Krups machine that is better than that made by the EspressoPro. I use high-quality pods with this machine (Molinari, Lucaffe, and Miscela d'Oro) which guarantees consistency in other machines, but doesn't help with this machine. Here are my issues with the machine. 
 
 1. The thermoblock isn't effective. I HAVE to put water in my espresso cup and pop it in the microwave for 30 seconds before making an espresso or else my coffee will be lukewarm. Disgusting, even with high quality beans. Granted, unless your machine has a cup warmer, this is probably a good idea regardless of your machine, but with this machine, it is a REQUIREMENT, not an option, if you want hot coffee. 
 
 Second, steamed milk is lukewarm on a good day. The same heating problem occurs with steaming milk. I called Capresso, and they said to check all the fittings. In fact, after much frustration (I'm not an idiot), I finally just sealed the connections with shrink tube, which leaves only two points where the connection could be weak. Still, I can't get HOT steam. What I do get is either lukewarm liquid milk, or cool, overly thick foam. In fact the foam is so unrefined and thick that it gives the impression that you could chew it. Nasty. 
 
 2. The frothing mechanism is gimmicky and not effective. A standard "frothing wand" is much better. The mechanism on this machine is ineffective, lacks true control, and requires an extra step over a standard wand to clean. 
 
 As explained above, the heat is not sufficient, and the quality of foam is irregular and bad. I'm embarrassed to serve coffee from this machine to guests, let alone drink it myself. I just can't get over the heat issue. Nothing kills a good coffee than lack of heat. This point is so important, if you take a gander at the Francis! Francis! X1 (and professional machines), there's a thermometer right on the front of the machine (and no, it's not purely an esthetic design issue since you can put several types of gauges/switches on an espresso machine--like a pressure gauge). The low heat generated results in really thick, solid foam. When I have guests, I just heat milk on the stovetop and use a handfrother instead of using the EspressoPro's lame mechanism. 
 
 Second, the way you adjust the foamed milk to steamed milk ratio is not effective. A little gate is regulated by the user through a twisting tab. It's just not good design. Since the milk actually passes through the machine and is heated internally by the machine, you can't really "work" the milk. A wand offers direct control and offers immediate visual response to whether you're getting foam or hot milk. 
 
 You know dried milk that collects on your steaming wand? Well, that's now inside your EspressoPro. With a traditional wand, you just wipe the wand with a wet rag. With this machine, you need to run hot water through the frothing mechanism (BEFORE you do this you need to wait for the block to heat up again). Plus, there's so many little pieces that need to be kept clean, it's a pain. What a bad design! 
 
 3. 18 Bar? Yeah, right. This machine also doesn't generate enough pressure to develop nice crema. Granted, I use pods, but still, a certain amount of crema is expected. This machine produces a thin, insufficient amount of crema. The lack of sufficient pressure probably has to do with the poor thermoblock. 
 
 I really can't recommend this machine. For $250, just go get a Krups or Braun. Better yet, spend $50 more and get an entry level Gaggia or Saeco. With this machine you're paying for looks and a gimmicky, ineffective frothing mechanism. This hunk o' junk is now buried deep in the back of my kitchen cabinet, as I truly would not feel right pawning this machine off on someone else. It is now appropriately "retired" from service, and I now enjoy perfect coffee every day from my Saeco Vienna Superautomatica. Now that's a machine, baby
