 Brass rivets expand and contract. Wood expands and contracts. Together these elements are a bad concept from the word "go", because they will ultimately separate because someone will at one time or another put them in the dishwasher. The metal is only tempered 4 times leaving the metal soft, meaning there is a lot of sharpeing to do. Henckel, cutco, trident are expensive and chefs all over the world use them because the are used everyday and they retain their sharpness because they are tempered 7 times (the maximum amount before metal becomes so hard that it becomes brittle) 
 
 Wood is pourus and is the perfect breeding ground for bacteria. You don't just wipe off knives and put them in a wood butcher block? What moran came up with that great concept? Utensils need to be sterilzed through a dish washer and very hot water with good cleaning agents. 
 
 Why woould you buy a knife that you can't put in the dish washer? Why would you ever purchase a knife that requires maintenance. There's no moving parts
 
 Wood handle and stainless steel spells disaster. Learning to sharpen your own knives is not easy, chefs don't even do it. Reading direction from a pamphlet and attempting to sharpen your knives for the first time spells disaster. Your knives will never be the same if you attempt this. Companies sell sharpening tools to inexperienced knife sharpeners (like yourself) so they wreck their own knives and buy new. You buy clothes that require dry cleaning, correct?  bring your knives in and have them professionally sharpened and protect your investment. You should only buy one pair of knives in your lifetime and they can be handed down from generation to generation. 
 
 A dull knife is a dangerous knife. A dull knife will require more pressure which will lead to a person cutting themselves. 
 
 Take it from me. I was a CEO with a company who marketed these knives to people like you and we made alot of money too. These knives were never designed to be passed on from generation to generation
