 This is a gorgeous ice bucket. It is large and stylish.  However, I cannot recommend it because of the lid.  The lid is attached to the bucket and does not come completely off.  Instead, it pivots and swings up.  The problem with this is that you cannot fill the bucket all the way up with ice because you have to leave a good amount of room at the top for the lid to swing.  And, because the lid is not removable, it gets in the way especially if you want to use this bucket as a champagne/wine cooler.  Poor design flaw.  I want an ice bucket that I can remove the lid and put it aside if I don't need to use it rather than having it sticking up and in the way. You'll notice in OXO's main picture of this bucket on this site it is shown without the lid sticking up.  Why?  Because it makes for a cleaner look not having the lid in the way.  Hey OXO, that's the same look I wanted this bucket to have sitting on my bar! 
 
 Would it have killed OXO to put a knob/handle on the lid and let the customer decide if they want the lid on or off? I swear sometimes I think manufacturers never bother actually testing out the things they design. If they had, surely they would have noticed how bad their lid idea was.  Or they could have looked at every other ice bucket on the market to see that theirs is the only one in which the lid doesn't come off.  That should have been a clue to them that there are obvious merits to having  a removable lid.
 
 This bucket has a clear plastic lid.  I don't understand why it's plastic at all.  First of all, it's an ice bucket!  I think everyone knows ice is inside without needing to peek through the lid.  Secondly, a metal lid will keep the temperature inside colder longer than than a plastic lid. That is why the bucket is made of metal, not plastic.  Metal is a better conductor of heat and cold. 
  
 I wish I had noticed the lid before I purchased it.  I didn't pay close enough attention. I suppose I assumed it was a normal lid that came off like all the others.  Thankfully I got the bucket from my local Bed Bath & Beyond making its return very easy.  I am sorry I have to return it  because this really is a nice looking bucket. However, I don't intend to spend $40 on an ice bucket just to sit there, look pretty and receive compliments--that's my job as hostess :-).  I want an ice bucket that is functional too.  
 
 Oh, well...my search for the perfect ice bucket continues.
