 We received the Hamilton Beach BrewStation 12 Cup Coffeemaker as a gift from my sister-in-law.  She loved hers and had used it for a few months so she bought one for us.  Shortly after buying this for us, her coffeemaker started leaking.  She thought it was just worn out from the six months of use and purchased a different type to replace hers.
 
 We used our BrewStation for the first time yesterday.  The night before, I set it up and programmed it to make coffee at 5:00 AM - perfect, we could get up and have coffee already made.  It worked great.  A minor problem is that I enjoy coffee throughout the morning and the coffeemaker shut off after two hours.  Not a big deal in the grand scheme of things, I just turned it back on and life was good.
 
 Now before I go on with my story, I need to explain how this coffeemaker works.  You pour the water into the first reservoir (for water only) using the coffee tank to measure the amount of water.  The coffee tank is placed back on the coffeemaker and the coffee filter and coffee is placed in a basket that fits on top of the coffee tank.  The coffee is made and held in the coffee tank.  To dispense the coffee, you place your cup below the tank and push on the dispenser button with your cup.  Coffee pours right into the cup.  Great idea, too bad it doesn't work as well as the concept!
 
 Today coffee was brewed at 5:00 AM again.  That's the only thing that worked well.  When my husband tried to get a cup of coffee it poured out and would not stop.  The cup overflowed, the coffee ran all over the counter and continued to flow until he unplugged it and put the entire coffeemaker in the sink.  It finally stopped pouring out when it ran out of coffee.  I've cleaned the coffee tank and it continues to pour no matter what I do.  Since this coffeemaker runs just under $ 50, the twelve cups of coffee we've made with it very expensive!
 
 I've emailed Hamilton Beach and am awaiting an answer to this dilemma.  I need to purchase another coffeemaker today and it definitely won't be a Hamilton Beach brand.  I can't afford to purchase a new coffeemaker every other day!
 
 My advice is to purchase a different brand and stay away from this one.  Unless you don't have cups and want to slurp your coffee off of the counter!
