 I ordered 3 (2x) sets of these so that I would have a full complement of 6 cookie sheets.
 
 When they arrived, I noted that they were a bit lighter than the commercial quality cookie sheets that I had used previously, but my thinking was that if they baked well, that was all that counted.  I always bake with an Exopat silicone mat on my sheets.
 
 Upon the first use, when they were placed in the oven, the edges of the cookie sheets turned up about a quarter of an inch - an ominous sign that the sheets are too thin.  The next thing I heard was the tap tap tap of sheets buckling in the oven.  Lack of dimensional stability at 350 degrees F translates to poor heat conduction, and burned cookie bottoms.  This symphony of metal buckling, courtesy of my new $15 cookie sheets.
 
 Even with the Exopat silicone sheets on them, the cookies were barely done when I decided to pull them from the oven to save the bottoms from getting burned - typical of cheap, thin cookie sheets that one knows one needs to "double pan" to prevent burning.  What a wonderful situation Amazon has presented me with - $90 and a garbage can full of cookie sheets.
 
 Yes, into the garbage all six sheets went - no matter how costly, its even more so to live with poor quality baking implements and invent work-arounds to augment their performance.  These are no better than inexpensive supermarket cookie sheets - actually they're worse - with the price-point of supermarket wares, one can infer the quality that one is getting.
 
 I used to believe brands like Calphalon stood for quality, and this translated into some assurance that products bearing premium names would be of, at least, mezzanine quality.  When I buy on the web and cannot better scrutinize the items I'm choosing, I tend to favor trusted brands.  As it turns out, these sheets did not have the Calphalon name on them anywhere - Calphalon apparently made the decision to buy up a bunch of cheap -Made in China- cookie sheets and sell them at a premium price by leveraging the Calphalon brand.
 
 With the holiday baking season upon us, what do I plan to replace them with?  The Vollrath cookie sheets (not non-stick, but I use silicone mats, so do I care?) recommended in Cooks Illustrated magazine.  They're in stock at Chef Resource - their price everywhere is $19 but most vendors are out of them.  They're due to arrive via UPS day after tomorrow - Tuesday, 10/17.  Holiday baking is much too sacred a tradition to be left in the hands of Calphalon, apparently.
 
 If I could give them no stars or provide an icon of 6 sheets going into the trash, I would so rate them.
