 The Professional label on this product is a big misnomer.
 
 Ask frequent sewers and quilters what they hated the most about the last iron they replaced and they will almost invariably refer to leaking and the auto-shutoff feature if present.  Typically, they press seams as a batch and go back to sewing... only to return to a iron that has shut off and requires a reheating cycle. 
 
 The auto-shutoff on this model makes it poorly suited for the sewing room where the 'professional' label should apply.
 
 This (and other) Rowenta iron produces good steam and can burst steam to a certain extent.  However, usually between 6 months and 1.5 yrs, Rowentas begin to drip.  The valve design just doesn't hold up to water hardness that long. Failure number two.
 
 For garment sewers and quilters, a professional system with a separate water boiler (tank) works far better:
 * won't shut off on you
 * since the iron doesn't make the steam (the boiler does), the sole doesn't have the 'hot spot' where household irons drip the water to make steam, which tends to scorch fabrics
 * true professional models have a thicker sole which will maintain a more even temperature (still without the hot spot)
 
 I teach sewing classes (garment, home dec, totes, etc.) and have completely walked away from household iron designs like this one.  You will not see this type of iron in a commercial workshop.  Noone there would have the time to wait for the iron to get hot again every time you've been away from it.
 
 This iron is a better than average housesold model, designed for 'ironing' your laundry and not for pressing in a sewing room.
 
 For general ironing duty (like laundry), check out the T-Fal 1759 Ultraglide Diffusion Iron for about half the price.  My t-fal irons (i've had 2) have outlasted my Rowenta iron, with just as good a performance and with the advantage of the ultraglide sole, a ceramic-like sole coating that does not scratch, even  over metal zippers (the stainless steal sole on the rowenta WILL scratch over metal zipper)
 
 Rating this (and similar) Rowenta as a conventional household iron:
 Performance 5
 Durability  3 (before it begins dripping)
 
 As a sewing room iron: 2
 
 Overall Rating: 2 (because they label the product as professional, where it fails to the task)
 
 P.S.:  for any household iron, be sure to empty the water tank after use to prolong the life of your iron.  Leaving water in the tank leads to premature wear of valves and seals
