 I am writing this to warn all of you cooks and bakers at home, that like me, prefer real commercial equipment in your kitchen.  Anything less is just a toy.  I had purchased the Waring Pro 1500 convection oven thinking this would be a quality convection oven to replace a Farberware convection oven that I have had for over 10 years and just plain wore out.  I ordered the Waring Pro 1500 from a catalog/online store other than Amazon, I don't know if it is legal to say, but it does have the word Chef's in it.  I was so excited to get it!  I opened the box, set it up, and was so disappointed.  It was made so poorly I was just sick.  The stainless steel top was not smoothed out, the oven door was installed so crooked it scraped the metal off of the side of the controls, and it had been dropped or something before packing because the feet were up inside of the thing, and the top was bent down.  The shipping packaging was fine, there was no broken packing and the box was fine.  OK, so I sent that one back, got a replacement thanks to the wonderful customer service at the online store, and opened the second one, same thing!!  I was so devastated, that I decided to give it a shot anyhow.  While cooking with it, the door had such a bad seal that it just steamed out the front, sides and bottom.  I was amazed that there could be such shoddy workmanship out there on what was being advertised as commercial quality.  OK, so oven number two went back, and I tried one more, what the heck three strikes you are out right?  Right!!  Finally oven number three came and it was put together so much better, seal looked good, top and feet looked good, so I decided to give it a whirl.  Once again, huge disappointment.  The convection fan goes on and off with the burner coils.  Thus not giving the cooking cycle a true convection.  I called Waring customer service and it was confirmed by engineering that they designed the fan to come on and off with the coils.  Bad design!  It took longer to bake cookies in there than it would my regular oven, and then they were hard and dry.  I rotisseried a chicken and it took over 1 and a half hours and when I cut it, the skin was soggy, not crisp, and it wasn't cooked all the way through after 90 minutes!  The thing popped (sounded like it was going to blow up) every time it heated up because they riveted the rack holders in there so tight, also making it nearly impossible to go from racks to using baking trays.  OK, that was it!!  After extensive internet research, I finally found a convection oven that is truly a commercial oven made for residential use, and exchanged it with the wonderful catalog/online store mentioned before and got the Cadco Commercial (and I do mean Commercial) half size convection oven Model number OV-350 and have used it many times since it's arrival and absolutely love it!!  I know it is twice the price, but as usual, you get what you pay for.  There is a smaller size version of the Cadco/Broilking oven that is quarter size, for people that do not need to bake huge quantities like me, that is the same price as the Waring Pro.  Please people, if you are at all a person that demands quality in your kitchen, do not waste your time on the Waring Pro, just skip right to the real commercial stuff and save yourself some major stress!!  Thanks again to the wonderful customer service at the aforementioned catalong/online company for NOT making me be stuck with the worthless Waring PRO 1500!!  Go for the Cadco!   
