 After using my 3 new Circulon pots and lids for only 2 or 3 months, all the Circulon lids have broken plastic handles, including the lid for this 3 quart sauce pan. 
 First noticed the problem when I got gouged by the broken plastic, I saw that all three Circulon lids showed big chunks of plastic off the underside of the plastic handles.  I am very careful and do not own a dishwasher. 
 Next, I saw that two of the faulty handles now had big chuncks off BOTH ends of the plastic handles. All the breakage occured where the plastic 'cool' handle attaches to the metal part of the handle. Just today, when I removed the hot lid from my Toss and Turn pan, the black plastic totally came loose from the metal part of the handle! Only fast dancing saved me from this big hot lid falling on my feet.  But at last I saw the FLAW. Instead of these lids having a complete metal handle that is covered with the plastic for cool handling, the metal part only goes up an inch to meet the plastic. The black plastic only overlaps the metal part for A SCANT HALF INCH OR SO, causing the more sturdy metal part to undermine the plastic, and eventually causing the chipped plastic to separate from the metal with use. The lids are subjected to steam and heat on a daily basis, so no wonder the plastic broke off, the plastic has no backing. It is just carelessly and poorly attached to less than a half inch of the metal that is attached to the lid. This poorly conceived construction is why the handle broke away entirely after the plastic was chipped, A full metal handle covered with plastic would have been nice for the money spent and prevented the accident where the handle completely separated from the chipped plastic. There is no metal supporting that plastic folks. 
 My enthusiasm for the Circulon was originally quite high, but now that I have lidless pots after less than 90 days, I'm pretty unhappy! This chipping happened to 3 out of 3 lids! AND the Toss and Turn lid is almost as expensive as the Toss and Turn pan! Now, after less than 90 days I must send in the Toss and Turn lid and my 2 smaller lids with chipped handles that go with the sauce pans. Because the Toss and Turn handle separated and broke away, this is not merely a cosmetic matter. Even before the lid handle broke entirely, the broken handles were uncomfortable to use with those sharp broken plastic edges digging into my fingers. Sending these lids back will leave me ill equiped in the kitchen after all the money spent to be well equiped. Further, I doubt their replacements will be any better, and they will probably need replacement every 90 days! Much as I love the Circulon pans, these lids make them a bad purchase. I would not buy this product again. Hopefully this review will help you make a good decision about Circulon pans and their bad lids
